README.md, before:

# tbuts-html - twint batch user tweetgrabber & search (html output)
A bash script utilizing twint to read a .txt file of twitter usernames and output tweets as .html file(s)
 
This script requires 

	twint, see https://github.com/twintproject/twint for info

	tree, see https://linux.die.net/man/1/tree for info
 
Usage:

	sh tbuts-html.sh usernames.txt searchterm

	Create a .txt file in the main directory and add twitter usernames you would like to search, one per line.

	Execute script and enter a term to search for.

Example: 

	sh tbuts-html.sh users.txt freedom

After the script completes, you should have a directory and files structured as such:

	[ 20K]    .
	├── [4.0K]    username1
	│   ├── [  81]    username1-searchterm1.txt
	│   ├── [3.2K]    username1-searchterm2.txt
	│   ├── [4.1K]    username1-tweets-searchterm1.html
	│   └── [7.5K]    username1-tweets-searchterm2.html
	├── [4.0K]    username2
	│   ├── [ 410]    username2-searchterm1.txt
	│   ├── [2.3K]    username2-searchterm2.txt
	│   ├── [4.4K]    username2-tweets-searchterm1.html
	│   └── [6.6K]    username2-tweets-searchterm2.html
	├── [4.0K]    username3
	│   ├── [ 354]    username3-searchterm1.txt
	│   ├── [ 644]    username3-searchterm2.txt
	│   ├── [4.4K]    username3-tweets-searchterm1.html
	│   └── [4.7K]    username3-tweets-searchterm2.html

.......etc.

In the top directory you should find tweets.html, this is the main browseable index page.

Running the script multiple times with the same usernames in the usernames.txt file should automatically put the result files into their respective folders, as long as the entries are spelled the same (ie. uppercase, lowercase matches).

Commit message:

Added functionality update
Users can now run the script with two text files. One for usernames, another for search terms. The script will compile all searches for each user into the .html output with one command.

README.md, after:

# tbuts-html - twint batch user tweetgrabber & search (html output)
A bash script utilizing twint and tree to read .txt files of twitter usernames and search terms (respectively) and output tweets as .html file(s) with an index
 
This script requires 

	twint, see https://github.com/twintproject/twint for info
	(I would recommend installing this via pip install twint instead of git clone)

	tree, see https://linux.die.net/man/1/tree for info
 
Usage:

	sh tbuts-html.sh usernames.txt searchterms.txt

	Create a .txt file in the main directory and add twitter usernames you would like to search terms for, one per line.
	
	Create another .txt file in the main directory and add terms to search each twitter account for, one per line.

Example: 

	sh tbuts-html.sh users.txt search.txt

After the script completes, you should have a directory and files structured as such:

	[ 20K]    .
	├── [4.0K]    username1
	│   ├── [  81]    username1-searchterm1.txt
	│   ├── [3.2K]    username1-searchterm2.txt
	│   ├── [4.1K]    username1-tweets-searchterm1.html
	│   └── [7.5K]    username1-tweets-searchterm2.html
	├── [4.0K]    username2
	│   ├── [ 410]    username2-searchterm1.txt
	│   ├── [2.3K]    username2-searchterm2.txt
	│   ├── [4.4K]    username2-tweets-searchterm1.html
	│   └── [6.6K]    username2-tweets-searchterm2.html
	├── [4.0K]    username3
	│   ├── [ 354]    username3-searchterm1.txt
	│   ├── [ 644]    username3-searchterm2.txt
	│   ├── [4.4K]    username3-tweets-searchterm1.html
	│   └── [4.7K]    username3-tweets-searchterm2.html

.......etc.

In the top directory you should find tweets.html, this is the main browseable index page.


Update 2022-04-26: If you encounter the error:

	ImportError: cannot import name 'CeilTimeout' from 'aiohttp.helpers'
	
Try installing aiohttp==3.7.0 by running:

	pip install aiohttp==3.7.0
